Add goModTidy function to clean up Go module dependencies during inst… (#4286)
wailsapp/wails: docs/src/content/docs/guides/cli.mdx

All CLI commands are of the following format: `wails3 <command>`.

### `init`

> Initializes a new Wails project. During this initialization, the `go mod tidy` command, which is typically used to add missing and remove unused modules, is intentionally bypassed. This is done automatically as part of the initialization process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initializes a new Wails project. During this initialization, the `go mod tidy` command is run to bring the project packages up to date. This can be bypassed by using the `-skipgomodtidy` flag with the `init` command.
```
